Add two FAQs about alternative snapshots to the README (#96)
tc39/proposal-async-context: README.md

This increases the integrity of async context variables, and makes them
easier to reason about where a value of an async variable comes from.

## How does `AsyncContext` interact with built-in schedulers?

Any time a scheduler (such as `setTimeout`, `addEventListener`, or
`Promise.prototype.then`) runs a user-provided callback, it must choose which
snapshot to run it in. While userland schedulers are free to make any choice
here, this proposal adopts a convention that built-in schedulers will always run
callbacks in the snapshot that was active when the callback was passed to the
built-in (i.e. at "registration time"). This is equivalent to what would happen
if the user explicitly called `AsyncContext.Snapshot.wrap` on all callbacks
before passing them.

This choice is the most consistent with the function-scoped structure that
results from `run` taking a function, and is also the most clearly-defined
option among the possible alternatives.  For instance, many event listeners

> maybe initiated either programmatically or through user interaction; in the

Reviewer: Typo.
```suggestion
may be initiated either programmatically or through user interaction; in the
```

Author: Done

former case there may be a more recently relevant snapshot available, but it's
inconsistent across different types of events or even different instances of the
same type of event. On the other hand, passing a callback to a built-in function
happens at a very clearly defined time.

Another advantage of registration-time snapshotting is that it is expected to
reduce the amount of intervention required to opt out of the default snapshot.
Because `AsyncContext` is a subtle feature, it's not reasonable to expect every
web developer to build a complete understanding of its nuances. Moreover, it's

> a important that library users should not need to be aware of the nature of the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
important that library users should not need to be aware of the nature of the
```

Author: Done

be harmful if common practices emerged that developers felt they needed to wrap
their callbacks before passing them anywhere. The primary means to have a
function run in a different snapshot is to call `Snapshot.wrap`, but this
will be idempotent when passing callbacks to built-ins, making it both less
likely for this common practice to begin in the first place, and also less
harmful when it does happen unnecessarily.

## What if I need access to the snapshot from a more recent cause?

The downside to registration-time snapshotting is that it's impossible to opt
_out_ of the snapshot restoration to access whatever the snapshot would have
been _before_ it was restored. Use cases where this snapshot is more relevant
include

- programmatically-dispatched events whose handlers are installed at application
  initialization time
- unhandled rejection handlers are a specific example of the above
- tracing execution flow, where one task "follows from" a sibling task

As explained above, the alternative snapshot choices are much more specific to
the individual use case, but they can be made available through side channels.

> For instance, the HTML specification could include that certain event types will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For instance, web specifications could include that certain event types will
```

Events are defined in the DOM spec, and some of the various specs which fire events might also need to be updated to pass along an asynchronous causal context.

Author: Done

> expose an `originSnapshot` property on the event object containing the active

Reviewer: Should we add a note that the name of the property is still pending bikeshed?

Author: Done
